Create CI test (#210)
tock/libtock-c: examples/ci-tests/i2c-master-tx/README.md

# I2C Master TX Test

## Test Description

`test.py` provides the following tests:

### I2CMasterTxTest

This sends message from the device-under-test as I2C Master to the RPi as I2C Slave.

  1. The device-under-test configures itself as I2C master with address 0x40 and awaits button press.
  1. The test harness presses a button (GPIO toggle) on device-under-test to indicate the device-under-test to send a message under master.

>   1. The test harness issues an I2C read transaction of 16 bytes and awaits master to send data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. The test harness issues an I2C read of 16 bytes and awaits the device-under-test as master to send data over the I2C bus until the local receive buffer is full.
```

It's a little confusing sometimes what's happening on the bus versus what is happening on the device. I think people usually think of "transactions" as bus transactions. I tried to update this language to be a little clearer, especially around who is actually causing bits to be sent on the bus when.
